OSDOCS-19528 Fix docs for the Developer perspective Observe UI Metrics etc (#117187)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/enabling-developer-perspective_web-console.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> The change will reflect in the web console after the console pod restarts successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The change reflects in the web console after the console pod restarts successfully.
```
no future tense

====

.Verification

> . Locate the perspective switcher in the upper-left corner of the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate the perspective switcher in the web console.
```
directions are not accessible
